V.1 What is 42?

1. In the most concise way possible, answer this question, what is 42? How would you describe 42 
to someone who doesn’t know what 42 is?

42 is the attempt to revive the spirit of the first Medieval European universities in the Digital Age.
On other side, 42 is similar with French Foreign Legion. They don't ask who you are and what you are.
They give you a chance to begin your new digital life from the scratch. They don't give you any papers,
but they give you abilities, experience, and connections. They don't have any tutors, teachers or mentors.
Responsibility for your progress and education is completely on you own. It's a challenge for your
curiosity, acumen, self-management and sociability.

2. Why are there no instructions on the initial 42 logic tests?

My suggestion based on my Piscine experience is next: 42 wants make you thinking not only on the 
solvation of a problem, but on a problem as it is. 42 wants to arouse your curiosity and attention, 
to see the problem from different points of view. This approach keeps your mind open from any restrictions
that could disturb you find the answer. 42 wants to make you an inventor but not an implementer.

3. What are the core 42 principles?

Anyone who wants to be a cadet in 42 has to come over the Piscine.
42 is free of charge. It's open for all who dare.
Nobody can teach you as well as you can.
Peer to peer communication.
Be calm, don't panic.
Never give up.
Think.
Go!

V.2 Why 42

4. If somebody is thinking of going to 42, but has no coding experience - do you really think it’s worth 
their time?

Yes I do. I didn't have any coding experience before my Piscine. It was tough and painful but it was worth 
this.

5. What makes 42 unique?

We are a community of self driven programmers. We're tuition free. Our p2p learning
environment and gamified project structure.

V.3 How to succeed at 42

6. What do you think you’re learning the most at 42?

How to learn, how to communicate people, how to research and handle new problem.

7. Imagine (this will happen very soon in real life!), you’ve been stuck on the problem for a while and have 
no idea what to do - what your next steps would be?

Use Google, professional forums and communities in the internet, ask peers if they had similar problem and how
they handled it, read books. It's very helpful to take a pause sometimes. Our brain needs time to bear solution.

8. How will you ensure that your personal level of motivation remains high on a daily basis to complete at 
least 1 level per month without the Piscine pressure and strict deadlines?

In my opinion the best way to keep the motivation is to be focused on a goal of education and time management.
Sleep well, take short breaks during the day, have a meal regularly, take days off for rest and enjoy the life.

V. 4 Life after 42

9. If someone asks you why it says internships are required on the 42 website, but they do not offer job 
placement, what would you say?

This is your regular 42 project as well as any coding projects. This is an exercise for your communication
skills and an exam for your mastered knowledges.

10. How do the internships work? Is it mandatory that you have to reach a certain level before leaving on 
an internship or can you validate it anytime you find one?

42 organises job fairs participated agents from different companies from all over Bay Area and beyond.
Cadets reached level 7 and took beginner's exam successfully have access for these events.

11. How does 42 help you adapt to a workplace?

THe workspace, climate of the lab and workload is similar to that of a job place.
